25/05/2021

OBJECTIVE FUNCTION

Ask a question (How would we know if the question is suboptimal? We don't). Can a scientific experiment be conducted for an answer? Yes->question within scientific domain
,else not within scientific domain.
Scientific experiments are dependent/ designed on the precision and capabilities of the tools used within the experiment.
By improving the precision and capabilities of the tools used in scientific experiments, you increase the number of questions within the scientific domain.

Intelligence = measures an agent’s ability to achieve goals in a wide range of environments (Legg and Hutter, 2007).
SuperIntelligence = an intellect that is much smarter than the best human brains in practically every field, 
                    including scientific creativity, general wisdom and social skills (Bostrom, 2016).

Given SuperIntelligence v1 (built "responsibly"), the capability delta of scientific tools compared to current SOTA would be a huge improvement,
thereby increasing the number of questions that are answerable by science. This leads to scientific insights (e.g. AlphaFold (Senior et al., 2020)).

If an intelligent agent scientist were replaced by a superintelligent scientist agent then the above arguement still holds true.
Why become a scientist, when you can build a much better scientist than you?

References:
1. Legg, S. and Hutter, M., 2007. Universal Intelligence: A Definition of Machine Intelligence. Minds and Machines, 17(4), pp.391-444.
2. Bostrom, N., 2016. Superintelligence. Oxford University Press.
3. Senior, A., Evans, R., Jumper, J., Kirkpatrick, J., Sifre, L., 
   Green, T., Qin, C., Žídek, A., Nelson, A., Bridgland, A., Penedones, H., 
   Petersen, S., Simonyan, K., Crossan, S., Kohli, P., Jones, D., Silver,
   D., Kavukcuoglu, K. and Hassabis, D., 2020. 
   Improved protein structure prediction using potentials from deep learning. Nature, 577(7792), pp.706-710.
   ---
12/11/2021
What is worth persuing?
Given task x, an intelligent agent performs task x with performance, p1. A superintelligent agent performs task x with performance p2.
Given superintelligence, p2>p1 => Let goal = creating and deploying superintelligence agent, responsibly is worth persuing (e.g Why become a scientist, when you can build a much better scientist than you?).
AI Safety = creating and deploying superintelligence agent, responsibly,
=> I'll try to join an AI Safety Team.

 14/02/2020
 Deep Learning (DL)-based approach to life:
 
 DL objective = To construct a function that classifies the training data correctly, so it can generalise to unseen test data, where the Neural Network (NN) is artificial (ANN).
 
 Spse. DL function = human function, where NN is is biological (BNN).
 
 Hypothesis:
 What would the test data include?
 spse. a,b,c
 e.g.
 a = problem solving
 
 Given test data, what woudl the training data include (i.e. how would you train for the test data)?
 (test data content: train data) map:
 (a,1), (b,2), (c,3)
 e.g.
 (a, solve maths competition problems)
 
 For all training that exists in Training set:
      "classify" or ans correctly -> creates a function in your BNN| the function can generalise to unseen test data correctly.
---
02/08/2022

problem solving

https://www.thebeginningofinfinity.com/book/glossary/#glossary

Problem
- A problem exists when a conflict between ideas is experienced.

Rational
- Attempting to solve problems by seeking good explanations; actively pursuing error correction by creating criticisms of both existing ideas and new proposals.

why is problem solving skills worth the cost to upgrade?
- when isn't there a problem? when you are dead.

16/08/2022
all evils are casused by a lack of knowledge

15/10/2022
CV = Computer Vision
what 20% of the topic-knowledge is used 80% of the time.
For CV: eng.maths (can used to explain anything), cs231n, Computer Vision competitions.
This is that 20%.
not 18.065 lalfd, it's too much maths => "elementitis" not a pragmatic solution given my current obligations and fundamental constraints like time, money, motivation, competence.
if i focus on that 20%, then I'll have time for other things like traditional swe.
This offers a margin of safety and adequete return, within a circle of competence.

19/10/2022
# why increase wealth?
the purpose of knoweldge is wealth.
wealth is the repertoire of physical transformations that one is capable of causing or preventing.
so what do you want to stop?
personally, imagining what could go wrong is easier than imagining what could go right.
increase wealth to prevent the bad things from happening.
what do you want to prevent?








