25/05/2021

OBJECTIVE FUNCTION

Ask a question (How would we know if the question is suboptimal? We don't). Can a scientific experiment be conducted for an answer? Yes->question within scientific domain
,else not within scientific domain.
Scientific experiments are dependent/ designed on the precision and capabilities of the tools used within the experiment.
By improving the precision and capabilities of the tools used in scientific experiments, you increase the number of questions within the scientific domain.

Intelligence = measures an agent’s ability to achieve goals in a wide range of environments (Legg and Hutter, 2007).
SuperIntelligence = an intellect that is much smarter than the best human brains in practically every field, 
                    including scientific creativity, general wisdom and social skills (Bostrom, 2016).

Given SuperIntelligence v1 (built "responsibly"), the capability delta of scientific tools compared to current SOTA would be a huge improvement,
thereby increasing the number of questions that are answerable by science. This leads to scientific insights (e.g. AlphaFold (Senior et al., 2020)).

If an intelligent agent scientist were replaced by a superintelligent scientist agent then the above arguement still holds true.
Why become a scientist, when you can build a much better scientist than you?

References:
1. Legg, S. and Hutter, M., 2007. Universal Intelligence: A Definition of Machine Intelligence. Minds and Machines, 17(4), pp.391-444.
2. Bostrom, N., 2016. Superintelligence. Oxford University Press.
3. Senior, A., Evans, R., Jumper, J., Kirkpatrick, J., Sifre, L., 
   Green, T., Qin, C., Žídek, A., Nelson, A., Bridgland, A., Penedones, H., 
   Petersen, S., Simonyan, K., Crossan, S., Kohli, P., Jones, D., Silver,
   D., Kavukcuoglu, K. and Hassabis, D., 2020. 
   Improved protein structure prediction using potentials from deep learning. Nature, 577(7792), pp.706-710.
   ---
12/11/2021
What is worth persuing?
Given task x, an intelligent agent performs task x with performance, p1. A superintelligent agent performs task x with performance p2.
Given superintelligence, p2>p1 => Let goal = creating and deploying superintelligence agent, responsibly is worth persuing (e.g Why become a scientist, when you can build a much better scientist than you?).
AI Safety = creating and deploying superintelligence agent, responsibly,
=> I'll try to join an AI Safety Team.

18/01/2022
Anime Protagonist Training Arc:

Story: I was arrogant and got beaten by mathematics. Robin from “Teen Titans: The Quest” episode, I have to train seriously.
Gold standard = solve all problems without help.
Achieve gold standard for all below -> understand Deep Learning and Algorithms -> Do useful research and work on interesting projects -> Satisfies 1/n life-well-lived criteria.

Deep Learning Stack:
1.	MIT ocw:
  a.	Linear Algebra
  b.	Differential Equations
  c.	Probabilistic Systems Analysis and Applied Probability
2.	Linear Algebra and Learning from Data

Algorithms Stack:
1.	MIT ocw:
  a.	Introduction to Algorithms
  b.	Design and Analysis of Algorithms
  c.	Algorithmic Lower Bounds: Fun with Hardness Proofs
